Add component status and owners information for individual projects (#2006)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: README.md

For information on how to contribute, consult [the contributing
guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Project status

> This repository is a collection of unrelated components maintained by different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a collection of components maintained by different
```

For information on how to contribute, consult [the contributing
guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

> ## Project status

Reviewer 2: @vishweshbankwar I went through and did a review of the new content. Here are the tweaks I made. Feel free to take or ignore what you want 😄

```markdown
## Project status

This repository is a collection of unrelated components maintained by different authors and groups. As such components shipped from this repository (via [Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/))may be at different stability/maturity levels. The
status for each individual component SHOULD be mentioned in its respective `README.md` file and SHOULD fall into one of the following categories:

### Development

Component is currently in development and is NOT available on
[Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/).

### Alpha

The component is ready to be used for limited non-critical workloads and the
authors of this component would welcome your feedback. Bugs and performance
problems should be reported, but component owners might not work on them right
away. Components can go through significant breaking changes and there are no
backward compatibility guarantees. Package versions in this status have the
`-alpha` extension.

### Beta

Same as Alpha, but comparatively more stable. Package versions in this status have the
`-beta` extension.

### Release candidate

Component is close to stability. There may be minimal breaking changes between
releases. A component at this stage is expected to have had exposure to
non-critical production workloads already during its **Alpha/Beta** phase(s),
making it suitable for broader usage. Package versions in this status have the
`-rc` extension.

### Stable

The component is ready for general availability. Bugs and performance problems
should be reported and the component owner(s) SHOULD triage and/or resolve them in a timely manner. Breaking changes, including configuration options and the component's output (semantic conventions, etc.), are only allowed across major version bumps unless under special circumstances such as security related fixes.
```

Author: Thanks @CodeBlanch!. Updated!

### Development

Component is currently in development and is not available on
[Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/).

### Alpha

The component is ready to be used for limited non-critical workloads and the
authors of this component would welcome your feedback. Bugs and performance
problems should be reported, but component owners might not work on them right
away. Components can go through significant breaking changes and there are no
backward compatibility guarantees. Package in this status is appended by
`-alpha` extension.

### Beta

Same as Alpha, but comparatively more stable. Package in this status is appended
by `-beta` extension.

### RC

Component is close to stability. There might be minimal breaking changes between
releases. A component at this stage is expected to have had exposure to
non-critical production workloads already during its **Alpha/Beta** phase,
making it suitable for broader usage. Package in this status is appended by
`-rc` extension.

### Stable

The component is ready for general availability. Bugs and performance problems
should be reported and there's an expectation that the component owners will

> work on them. Breaking changes, including configuration options and the

Reviewer: simply state, the component is expected to follow semver20

Author: updated

For information on how to contribute, consult [the contributing
guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Project status

This repository is a collection of unrelated components maintained by different

> authors and groups. As such components shipped from this repository (via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authors and groups. As such, components shipped from this repository (via
```

[Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/))may be at different stability/maturity levels.

> The status for each individual component SHOULD be mentioned in its respective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status for each individual component is mentioned in its respective
```

> `README.md` file and SHOULD fall into one of the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`README.md` file and will fall into one of the following categories:
```

### Development

Component is currently in development and is NOT available on
[Nuget](https://www.nuget.org/).

### Alpha

The component is ready to be used for limited non-critical workloads and the
authors of this component would welcome your feedback. Bugs and performance
problems should be reported, but component owners might not work on them right
away. Components can go through significant breaking changes and there are no
backward compatibility guarantees. Package versions in this status have the

> `-alpha` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-alpha` extension (eg: opentelemetry.exporter.abc-1.0.0-alpha.1).
```

### Beta

Same as Alpha, but comparatively more stable. Package versions in this status
have the `-beta` extension.

### Release candidate

Component is close to stability. There may be minimal breaking changes between
releases. A component at this stage is expected to have had exposure to
non-critical production workloads already during its **Alpha/Beta** phase(s),
making it suitable for broader usage. Package versions in this status have the
`-rc` extension.

### Stable

The component is ready for general availability. Bugs and performance problems
should be reported and the component owner(s) SHOULD triage and/or resolve them
in a timely manner. The package versions MUST follow [SemVer
V2](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## Support

Reviewer: Line 67 is pointing to component_owenrs.yml. Can you update taht to say owners can be found from individual readme files?
